As I mentioned at the end of the last video, we've got this request handler put together, but really
no idea if it works or not.
So in this video, we're going to start to set up our order service to run some number of tests.
Then in the next video, we'll write out some tests around this new request handler to get started inside
my CRC directory of the Order Service, I'm going to create a new folder called Test.
I'll then go back over to my tickets service.
Here it is right here.
I'm going to find the test directory inside there.
I'll find the setup file inside of that.
I'm going to copy that setup file and take it over to the orders test directory that we just created
and paste it in.
All right, so here's the setup file.
Immediately I'm seeing a couple of errors from it.
We got some stuff around Gest and before all and whatnot.
Once again, this is coming from B's code, just not understanding that we have already installed all
this just stuff.
So I'm going to do another quick reload of this window.
And those errors should then go away.
Yep.
That's better.
Just a reminder to reload the window you hit command shift p or on windows control shift p and you can
search for reload window and run that command.
We're going to do a quick scan over this file and make sure that we don't have any code inside of here
related to the test service that needs to be replaced or updated.
So I'm looking inside of here.
We've got two import statements, so we ended up not using inside this file.
I'm going to clean those up really quick.
Okay.
We still want to have the ability to sign in.
We definitely still want to mock and that's rapper.
So we're going to have to pull over that underscore underscore MOX Directory from the test service we
had put together.
We're still on all the MongoDB stuff.
Still want to clear out our collections and still want to make sure that we have the ability to sign
in and sign up and whatnot.
So I'd say everything inside of here.
Good to copy paste.
Let's make sure we also pull over that underscore underscore box folder.
So back inside of ticket service, I'll find the CRC directory that underscore underscore box.
I'm going to copy that entire directory and then paste it into the order's source directory as well.
Yeah.
That looks good.
Let's go over to our terminal really quick and just make sure that we can run our test suite.
We don't have any tests inside of here just yet, so just is probably going to throw an error.
But I just want to make sure that we don't get any other commands when we try to run our tests.
So at my terminal, I'll change into this new order's service and then remember to run our test suite
is and PM run test.
All right.
Well, let's say that's reasonable.
No test found exiting with code zero.
Well, it's a good start.
So let's take a pause right here.
We'll start to write out our tests around this new route handler in the next video.